Add docs on customizable service containers [ONPREM-1025] (#8824)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/container-runner.adoc

Author: There are a number of lint errors for preexisting docs (pretty sure I caught all new ones before opening the PR). Happy to address those in this PR if necessary.

Reviewer: Fixed

          - name: "other"
```

[#customizable-service-containers]
=== Customizable service containers

> By default, link:https://circleci.com/docs/using-docker/#using-multiple-docker-images[service (or secondary) containers] inherit the same link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/[container configuration] as defined by the primary container. However, this behavior can be overridden using customizable service containers. This allows fine-tuned control over a service's resource usage on a per-image basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, xref:using-docker#using-multiple-docker-images[service (or secondary) containers] inherit the same link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/[container configuration] as defined by the primary container. However, this behavior can be overridden using customizable service containers. Using the available overrides allows fine-tuned control over a service's resource usage on a per-image basis.
```

[#customizable-service-containers-example]
==== Example

Consider the following container runner Helm values:

[source,yaml]
----
agent:
  serviceContainers:
    exact:
      - "cimg/redis:6":
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: "0.5"
            memory: "200Mi"
  resourceClasses:
    your-namespace/your-resource-class:
      serviceContainers:
        exact:

>           - "cimg/postgres:16":

Reviewer 2: These go into a go map, so we don't want the `-`

This applies to all the match types.

I forgot to update the confluence doc & helm example, will do both now

Author: Already fixed :)

            resources:
              requests:
                cpu: "0.6"
                memory: "300Mi"
        default:
          resources:
            requests:
              cpu: "0.4"
              memory: "150Mi"
----

And the following CircleCI `config.yml` snippet:
[source,yaml]
----
jobs:
  build:
    resource_class: your-namespace/your-resource-class
    docker:
      - image: cimg/base:current
      - image: cimg/redis:6
      - image: cimg/postgres:16
      - image: cimg/mysql:8
      - image: cimg/mongo:5
----

In this configuration:

- `cimg/redis:6` matches the `exact` rule at the global scope (within `agent.serviceContainers`) and is allocated 0.5 CPU units and 200Mi of memory.
- `cimg/postgres:16` matches the `exact` rule at the resource class scope (`your-namespace/your-resource-class`) and is allocated 1 CPU unit and 500Mi of memory.
- `cimg/mysql:8` matches the `pattern` rule at the resource class scope and is allocated 0.6 CPU units and 300Mi of memory.
- `cimg/mongo:5` doesn't match any rule from the service container options, hence defaults to the `default` rule at the resource class scope and is allocated 0.4 CPU units and 150Mi of memory.

> The rendered Pod specification would then appear as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rendered Pod specification would then appear as follows:
```

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  containers:
    - name: cimg/redis:6
      resources:
        requests:
          cpu: "0.5"
          memory: "200Mi"
    - name: cimg/postgres:16
      resources:
        requests:
          cpu: "1"
          memory: "500Mi"
    - name: cimg/mysql:8
      resources:
        requests:
          cpu: "0.6"
          memory: "300Mi"
    - name: cimg/mongo:5
      resources:
        requests:
          cpu: "0.4"
          memory: "150Mi"
----

> In the following sections, we'll discuss these customization options in greater detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following sections, we will discuss these customization options in greater detail.
```

==== Image match types

Image match types govern how images are matched for container customization. The types include:

> . *Exact:*
> For exact matching, the image string must be an exact match. For example, `cimg/redis:6.2.6` only matches the `cimg/redis:6.2.6` image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Exact:* For exact matching, the image string must be an exact match. For example, `cimg/redis:6.2.6` only matches the `cimg/redis:6.2.6` image.
```

> . *Prefix:*
> For prefix matching, the image string matches all images with a common prefix. For example, `cimg/redis:` will match any `cimg/redis` image regardless of the tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Prefix:* For prefix matching, the image string matches all images with a common prefix. For example, `cimg/redis:` will match any `cimg/redis` image regardless of the tag.
```

> . *Pattern:*
> For pattern matching, a Go-based regex pattern is used to match images. For example, `cimg/(redis|postgres):.*` matches any `redis` or `postgres` image from the `cimg` repository regardless of the tag. Refer to the link:https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/syntax/[Golang regex syntax] and link:https://regex101.com/[regex101.com] to test your regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Pattern:* For pattern matching, a Go-based regex pattern is used to match images. For example, `cimg/(redis|postgres):.*` matches any `redis` or `postgres` image from the `cimg` repository regardless of the tag. Refer to the link:https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/syntax/[Golang regex syntax] and link:https://regex101.com/[regex101.com] to test your regular expressions.
```

> . *Default:*
> The `Default` match type applies when an image did not match any of the other image match types. It sets a single specification for all such service containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Default:* The `Default` match type applies when an image did not match any of the other image match types. It sets a single specification for all such service containers.
```

> In terms of precedence, selectors follow the hierarchy: `Exact` -> `Prefix` -> `Pattern` -> `Default`. If a given image name doesn't match any rule in the hierarchy, it defaults to the `Default` rule. Note, match types defined at the resource class scope take precedence over those at the same match type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Order of precedence

Selectors follow the hierarchy: `Exact` -> `Prefix` -> `Pattern` -> `Default`. If a given image name does not match any rule in the hierarchy, it defaults to the `Default` rule. 

NOTE: Match types defined at the resource class scope take precedence over those at the same match type.
```

==== Selection scope

Selection scopes determine the context in which the customization is applied. This comprises:

> . *Resource class:*
> This scope specifies a custom configuration for all containers running within a particular resource class. For example, setting specific resources under `your-namespace/your-resource-class` impacts only the containers running within this specific class. This scope takes precedence over the Global scope.
> 
> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Resource class:* This scope specifies a custom configuration for all containers running within a particular resource class. For example, setting specific resources under `your-namespace/your-resource-class` impacts only the containers running within this specific class. This scope takes precedence over the Global scope.
+
[source,yaml]
```

----
resourceClasses:
  your-namespace/your-resource-class:
    serviceContainers:
      exact:
        "cimg/postgres:16":
          resources:
            requests:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: "500Mi"
----

> . *Global:*
> This scope applies a custom configuration globally to all containers across all resource classes. It is considered when no matching scope is found at the Resource class level.
> 
> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Global:* This scope applies a custom configuration globally to all containers across all resource classes. It is considered when no matching scope is found at the resource class level.
+
[source,yaml]
```

----
agent:
  serviceContainers:
    exact:
      "cimg/redis:6":
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: "0.5"
            memory: "200Mi"
----

> When it comes to precedence, the `Resource class` scope overrides any `Global` scope selection for a given match type. If a match is available in both scopes, the `Resource class` scope prevails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Order of precedence

The `Resource class` scope overrides any `Global` scope selection for a given match type. If a match is available in both scopes, the `Resource class` scope prevails.
```

          - name: "other"
```

[#customizable-service-containers]
=== Customizable service containers

By default, link:https://circleci.com/docs/using-docker/#using-multiple-docker-images[service (or secondary) containers] inherit the same link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/[container configuration] as defined by the primary container. However, this behavior can be overridden using customizable service containers. This allows fine-tuned control over a service's resource usage on a per-image basis.

[#customizable-service-containers-example]
==== Example

Consider the following container runner Helm values:

[source,yaml]
----
agent:
  serviceContainers:
    exact:
      - "cimg/redis:6":
          spec:
            resources:
              requests:
                cpu: "0.5"
                memory: "200Mi"
  resourceClasses:
    your-namespace/your-resource-class:
      serviceContainers:
        exact:
          - "cimg/postgres:16":

>             spec:

Reviewer 2: This gets mapped straight onto a container struct, so we don't need `spec:`

Author: This is what happens when you get ChatGPT to generate an example for you.
